Allowed fallback usage of `project.name` for `name` and `package` if pyproject.toml exists (#687)
twisted/towncrier: src/towncrier/newsfragments/687.feature.rst

> Enabled fallback values of [tool.towncrier.name|package] to [project.name] if pyproject.toml files are used

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to read like a release note and not like a commit message.

```suggestion
When used with an `pyproject.toml` fall, the no explicit values are defined for [tool.towncrier.name|package] they will now fallback to the value of [project.name].
```

Author: I did something similar, but with small adjustments.
